README.md, before:


# List of useful ES6 resources.

## Documentation
- [ECMAScript 2015 Language Specification](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm)
- [ECMAScript 2015 Language Specification, 6th Edition](http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/index.html)
- [Compatibility table](https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/)

## Tools 
- ES6 to JavaScript compilers
  * [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
  * [Traceur](https://github.com/google/traceur-compiler)
  * [The cost of transpiling es2015 in 2016](https://github.com/samccone/The-cost-of-transpiling-es2015-in-2016) by Sam Saccone
- [Scratch JS](https://github.com/richgilbank/Scratch-JS) Chrome DevTools extension
- [ECMAScript 6 Tools](https://github.com/addyosmani/es6-tools) by Addy Osmani

## Books
- [Exploring ES6](https://leanpub.com/exploring-es6) by Axel Rauschmayer. [Read online](http://exploringjs.com/es6/)
- [Understanding ECMAScript 6](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6) by Nicholas C. Zakas. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read)
- [JavaScript Allongé, the "Six" Edition](https://leanpub.com/javascriptallongesix) by Reg “raganwald” Braithwaite. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/javascriptallongesix/read)
- [You Don't Know JS: ES6 & Beyond](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033769.do) by Kyle Simpson. [Read online](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/es6%20%26%20beyond)
- [What Every JavaScript Developer Should Know About ECMAScript 2015](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B018D12X0C) by K. Scott Allen
- [Setting up ES6](https://leanpub.com/setting-up-es6) by Axel Rauschmayer. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/setting-up-es6/read)
- [Learning JavaScript, 3rd Edition](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920035534.do) by Ethan Brown

##Articles & Tutorials
### Getting started
- [How to Learn ES6](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/how-to-learn-es6-47d9a1ac2620#.rusgxtjay) by Eric Elliott
- [Getting started with ECMAScript 6](http://www.2ality.com/2015/08/getting-started-es6.html) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [Tuts+] [Use ECMAScript 6 Today](http://code.tutsplus.com/articles/use-ecmascript-6-today--net-31582) by Sayanee Basu
- [Building ES6 Javascript for the Browser with Gulp, Babel, and More](https://thesocietea.org/2016/01/building-es6-javascript-for-the-browser-with-gulp-babel-and-more/)
- [Simple examples to help you understand ES6](https://github.com/sgaurav/understanding-es6)
- [Use ECMAScript 6 NOW](https://blog.isomr.co/use-ecmascript-6-now/) by Shreyansh Pandey
- [Let’s Learn ES2015](https://css-tricks.com/lets-learn-es2015/) by Ryan Christiani

### Feature lists
- [Learn ES2015. A detailed overview of ECMAScript 6 features](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es2015/)
- [ECMAScript 6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features) by Luke Hoban
- [ECMAScript 6 Cheatsheet](http://help.wtf/es6) by Erik Moeller 
- [ECMAScript 6 — New Features: Overview & Comparison](http://es6-features.org/)
- [ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6) by Nicolas G. Bevacqua
- [ECMAScript 6 (ES6): What’s New In The Next Version Of JavaScript](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/10/es6-whats-new-next-version-javascript/) By Lars Kappert
- [Top 10 ES6 Features Every Busy JavaScript Developer Must Know](http://webapplog.com/es6/)
- [es6-cheatsheet](https://github.com/DrkSephy/es6-cheatsheet)

### ES6 In Depth
- [ES6 In Depth](https://hacks.mozilla.org/category/es6-in-depth/) by Mozilla Hacks
- [ES6 In Depth](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/tagged/es6-in-depth) by Nicolas G. Bevacqua
- [ECMAScript 6](https://www.nczonline.net/blog/tag/ecmascript-6/) by Nicholas C. Zakas
- [esnext](http://www.2ality.com/search/label/esnext) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [JavaScript Iterators and Generators](http://www.ociweb.com/resources/publications/sett/javascript-iterators-and-generators/) by R. Mark Volkmann
- [The Basics Of ES6 Generators](https://davidwalsh.name/es6-generators) by Kyle Simpson
- [Finitely Iterating Infinite Data With ES6 Generators](http://derickbailey.com/2015/11/18/finitely-iterating-infinite-data-with-es6-generators/) by Derick Bailey
- [Object-Oriented JavaScript — A Deep Dive into ES6 Classes](http://www.sitepoint.com/object-oriented-javascript-deep-dive-es6-classes/) by Jeff Mott
- [Introducing ES2015 Proxies](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/02/es2015-proxies) by Addy Osmani
- [ES6 Math Functions You Can Use Today](https://dzone.com/articles/introducing-javascripts-math-functions) by Josh Anderson
- [Managing the private data of ES6 classes](http://www.2ality.com/2016/01/private-data-classes.html) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [Performance of ES6 features relative to the ES5 baseline operations per second](https://kpdecker.github.io/six-speed/)

## Videos
- [5 Tips To Improve Your JS with ES6 - Crater Conf Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edq4dt98Mpg) by Derick Bailey
- [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX) by Ryan Christiani

## Courses
- [WatchMeCode] [Learning ES6, LIVE!](https://sub.watchmecode.net/series/learning-es6-live/)
- [Tuts+] [Object-Oriented JavaScript With ES6](http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/object-oriented-javascript-with-es6)
- [Pluralsight] [JavaScript Fundamentals for ES6](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/javascript-fundamentals-es6)
- [Pluralsight] [Advanced JavaScript](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/advanced-javascript)
- [Frontend Masters] [JS.Next: ES6](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/jsnext-es6/)

## Podcasts
- JavaScript Jabber
  * [#168 The Future of JavaScript with Jafar Husain](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/168-jsj-the-future-of-javascript-with-jafar-husain)
  * [#171 Babel with Sebastian McKenzie](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/171-jsj-babel-with-sebastian-mckenzie)  

## Katas
- [ES6 Katas](http://es6katas.org)

## LICENSE
[The MIT License](https://github.com/Sufflavus/es6-resources/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

+ The 80/20 Guide to ES2015 Generators

README.md, after:


# List of useful ES6 resources.

## Documentation
- [ECMAScript 2015 Language Specification](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm)
- [ECMAScript 2015 Language Specification, 6th Edition](http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/index.html)
- [Compatibility table](https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/)

## Tools 
- ES6 to JavaScript compilers
  * [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
  * [Traceur](https://github.com/google/traceur-compiler)
  * [The cost of transpiling es2015 in 2016](https://github.com/samccone/The-cost-of-transpiling-es2015-in-2016) by Sam Saccone
- [Scratch JS](https://github.com/richgilbank/Scratch-JS) Chrome DevTools extension
- [ECMAScript 6 Tools](https://github.com/addyosmani/es6-tools) by Addy Osmani

## Books
- [Exploring ES6](https://leanpub.com/exploring-es6) by Axel Rauschmayer. [Read online](http://exploringjs.com/es6/)
- [Understanding ECMAScript 6](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6) by Nicholas C. Zakas. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read)
- [JavaScript Allongé, the "Six" Edition](https://leanpub.com/javascriptallongesix) by Reg “raganwald” Braithwaite. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/javascriptallongesix/read)
- [You Don't Know JS: ES6 & Beyond](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033769.do) by Kyle Simpson. [Read online](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/es6%20%26%20beyond)
- [What Every JavaScript Developer Should Know About ECMAScript 2015](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B018D12X0C) by K. Scott Allen
- [Setting up ES6](https://leanpub.com/setting-up-es6) by Axel Rauschmayer. [Read online](https://leanpub.com/setting-up-es6/read)
- [Learning JavaScript, 3rd Edition](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920035534.do) by Ethan Brown
- [The 80/20 Guide to ES2015 Generators](http://es2015generators.com/) by Valeri Karpov

##Articles & Tutorials
### Getting started
- [How to Learn ES6](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/how-to-learn-es6-47d9a1ac2620#.rusgxtjay) by Eric Elliott
- [Getting started with ECMAScript 6](http://www.2ality.com/2015/08/getting-started-es6.html) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [Tuts+] [Use ECMAScript 6 Today](http://code.tutsplus.com/articles/use-ecmascript-6-today--net-31582) by Sayanee Basu
- [Building ES6 Javascript for the Browser with Gulp, Babel, and More](https://thesocietea.org/2016/01/building-es6-javascript-for-the-browser-with-gulp-babel-and-more/)
- [Simple examples to help you understand ES6](https://github.com/sgaurav/understanding-es6)
- [Use ECMAScript 6 NOW](https://blog.isomr.co/use-ecmascript-6-now/) by Shreyansh Pandey
- [Let’s Learn ES2015](https://css-tricks.com/lets-learn-es2015/) by Ryan Christiani

### Feature lists
- [Learn ES2015. A detailed overview of ECMAScript 6 features](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es2015/)
- [ECMAScript 6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features) by Luke Hoban
- [ECMAScript 6 Cheatsheet](http://help.wtf/es6) by Erik Moeller 
- [ECMAScript 6 — New Features: Overview & Comparison](http://es6-features.org/)
- [ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6) by Nicolas G. Bevacqua
- [ECMAScript 6 (ES6): What’s New In The Next Version Of JavaScript](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/10/es6-whats-new-next-version-javascript/) By Lars Kappert
- [Top 10 ES6 Features Every Busy JavaScript Developer Must Know](http://webapplog.com/es6/)
- [es6-cheatsheet](https://github.com/DrkSephy/es6-cheatsheet)

### ES6 In Depth
- [ES6 In Depth](https://hacks.mozilla.org/category/es6-in-depth/) by Mozilla Hacks
- [ES6 In Depth](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/tagged/es6-in-depth) by Nicolas G. Bevacqua
- [ECMAScript 6](https://www.nczonline.net/blog/tag/ecmascript-6/) by Nicholas C. Zakas
- [esnext](http://www.2ality.com/search/label/esnext) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [JavaScript Iterators and Generators](http://www.ociweb.com/resources/publications/sett/javascript-iterators-and-generators/) by R. Mark Volkmann
- [The Basics Of ES6 Generators](https://davidwalsh.name/es6-generators) by Kyle Simpson
- [Finitely Iterating Infinite Data With ES6 Generators](http://derickbailey.com/2015/11/18/finitely-iterating-infinite-data-with-es6-generators/) by Derick Bailey
- [Object-Oriented JavaScript — A Deep Dive into ES6 Classes](http://www.sitepoint.com/object-oriented-javascript-deep-dive-es6-classes/) by Jeff Mott
- [Introducing ES2015 Proxies](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/02/es2015-proxies) by Addy Osmani
- [ES6 Math Functions You Can Use Today](https://dzone.com/articles/introducing-javascripts-math-functions) by Josh Anderson
- [Managing the private data of ES6 classes](http://www.2ality.com/2016/01/private-data-classes.html) by Dr. Axel Rauschmayer
- [Performance of ES6 features relative to the ES5 baseline operations per second](https://kpdecker.github.io/six-speed/)

## Videos
- [5 Tips To Improve Your JS with ES6 - Crater Conf Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edq4dt98Mpg) by Derick Bailey
- [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX) by Ryan Christiani

## Courses
- [WatchMeCode] [Learning ES6, LIVE!](https://sub.watchmecode.net/series/learning-es6-live/)
- [Tuts+] [Object-Oriented JavaScript With ES6](http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/object-oriented-javascript-with-es6)
- [Pluralsight] [JavaScript Fundamentals for ES6](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/javascript-fundamentals-es6)
- [Pluralsight] [Advanced JavaScript](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/advanced-javascript)
- [Frontend Masters] [JS.Next: ES6](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/jsnext-es6/)

## Podcasts
- JavaScript Jabber
  * [#168 The Future of JavaScript with Jafar Husain](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/168-jsj-the-future-of-javascript-with-jafar-husain)
  * [#171 Babel with Sebastian McKenzie](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/171-jsj-babel-with-sebastian-mckenzie) 
  * [#210 JSJ The 80/20 Guide to ES2015 Generators with Valeri Karpov](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/210-jsj-the-8020-guide-to-es2015-generators-with-valeri-karpov)

## Katas
- [ES6 Katas](http://es6katas.org)

## LICENSE
[The MIT License](https://github.com/Sufflavus/es6-resources/blob/master/LICENSE)
